**End User Terms and Conditions**

**Last Update: 15-Jul-2025**

**End User Terms and Conditions**

These End User Terms and Conditions (the "Terms") represent a legally
binding agreement between you (an individual or entity) and CoreOps,
including its AgentCore platform ("we", "us", or "our"), governing your
use of AgentCore and its related tools, APIs, services, documentation
and software (collectively, the "Platform").

**1. Acceptance of Terms**\
By accessing or using the Platform, you confirm that you have read,
understood, and agree to comply with these Terms. If you do not agree
with all provisions, you are not permitted to use the Platform and must
cease use immediately.

**2. Scope of Use**\
These Terms apply to all elements of the Platform, including its
software, interfaces, and any associated documentation. Additional terms
or conditions may apply to specific services or features and are
considered part of this agreement once published.

**3. Modifications to Terms**\
We may update or modify these Terms at our discretion and for any
reason. Updates will be indicated by a change to the "Last Updated"
date. Your continued use of the Platform following any revision
signifies your acceptance of the updated Terms. It is your
responsibility to review these Terms regularly.

**4. Geographic Restrictions**\
Use of the Platform may not be appropriate or legally permitted in
certain jurisdictions. Users accessing the Platform from outside
permitted regions do so voluntarily and are responsible for complying
with applicable local laws and regulations.

**5. User Commitments and Acceptable Use**

By accessing or using the AgentCore Platform, you affirm the following:

- You have the legal authority and capacity to agree to these Terms;

- You meet the age of majority in your jurisdiction;

- You will access the Platform using only human, authorized means---not
  through bots, scripts, or other automated tools;

- Your use of the Platform is lawful and authorized;

- You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations.

If any information you provide is found to be false, incomplete, or
misleading, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account
and restrict current or future access to the Platform.

**6. Prohibited Activities**

You agree to use the AgentCore Platform only for authorized and lawful
purposes. Any use of the Platform outside its intended scope or in
violation of these Terms is strictly prohibited. Without prior written
consent, you may not use the Platform in connection with any commercial
activity not expressly approved by AgentCore.

As a condition of access, you must not engage in any of the following
activities:

- **Unauthorized Access & Data Handling:\**
  Attempting to access, retrieve, or compile data, content, or systems
  without permission; collecting user information for unauthorized
  purposes, including unsolicited communications or account creation
  under false pretenses.

- **Security Interference:\**
  Circumventing or tampering with security features; uploading or
  distributing malicious software, viruses, or scripts intended to harm,
  disrupt, or surveil users or systems.

- **Technical Misuse:\**
  Reverse engineering, decompiling, disassembling, or copying platform
  code or features; using unauthorized automation tools (e.g., bots,
  scrapers, spiders); overloading infrastructure or abusing APIs beyond
  reasonable usage limits.

- **Harmful Conduct:\**
  Harassing, threatening, impersonating, or misleading others; using the
  Platform to defraud, mislead, or abuse users, support personnel, or
  third parties.

- **Content Misuse:\**
  Modifying, copying, or distributing platform content without
  permission; removing copyright or proprietary notices; uploading
  offensive or disruptive material, including spamming or using hidden
  tracking tools.

- **Competitive Use:\**
  Using the Platform or its content to build or support competing
  services or for unauthorized commercial gain.

Violations of these guidelines may result in suspension or termination
of access, and we reserve the right to pursue legal remedies as
appropriate.

**7. Intellectual Property Rights**

All intellectual property rights related to the AgentCore
Platform---excluding user-submitted data---are owned by AgentCore or its
licensors. This includes, but is not limited to, the platform's source
code, software, databases, visual design, content, and branding elements
such as logos and trademarks.

Unless explicitly authorized in writing, you may not reproduce, modify,
distribute, publicly display, or create derivative works from any part
of the Platform. All content and trademarks are protected under
applicable intellectual property laws, including copyright, trademark,
and international conventions.

Subject to your continued compliance with these End User Terms and
Conditions, you are granted a limited, non-transferable license to
access and use the Platform. You may download or print content available
to you solely for personal, non-commercial use. No rights are granted to
you beyond what is expressly stated in these End User Terms and
Conditions. All other rights remain reserved by AgentCore and its
licensors.

**8. Data Collection and Use**

By using the AgentCore Platform, you acknowledge and agree to the
collection, use, and disclosure of your data as outlined in our Privacy
Policy. This includes information transmitted to or generated through
your use of the Platform, which we may retain to support operational
performance, security, and compliance.

While we take reasonable measures to protect information, you remain
solely responsible for maintaining your own data and records. AgentCore
is not liable for any data loss or corruption, and by using the
Platform, you waive any claims related to such incidents.

**10. Account Security**

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
login credentials and for all activities that occur under your account.
You agree to promptly notify AgentCore of any unauthorized access,
suspected breach, or misuse of your account. We are not liable for any
loss or damage arising from your failure to protect your credentials.

**11. Submissions and Ownership**

Any feedback, ideas, suggestions, or other input you provide to
AgentCore will be considered non-confidential and become the exclusive
property of AgentCore. We will hold all rights, including intellectual
property rights, in such Submissions and may use or share them for any
lawful purpose---commercial or otherwise---without acknowledgment or
compensation.

By submitting, you confirm that the content is either original to you or
that you have the right to share it. You waive any moral rights and
agree not to bring claims against us for the use or alleged misuse of
your Submissions.

**12. Suspension and Termination of Access**

AgentCore reserves the right to suspend, restrict, or terminate your
access to the Platform at any time, with or without notice, at our sole
discretion. This may occur for any reason, including---but not limited
to---violations of these Terms, misuse of the service, or breach of
applicable laws or user obligations.

We may also remove any content you have submitted or block access
(including by IP address) without liability or prior warning. These
Terms will remain in effect for as long as you use the Platform, and
termination does not limit any other rights or remedies we may have.

**13.** **Service Availability and Modifications**

While AgentCore aims to maintain high availability, uninterrupted access
to the Platform is not guaranteed. Periodic maintenance, updates, or
unexpected outages may occur. We reserve the right to modify, suspend,
or discontinue any part of the Platform or its features at any time
without notice or liability.

**14. Disclaimer of Warranties**

The AgentCore Platform is provided on an "as is" and "as available"
basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind---express or
implied---regarding the Platform, its functionality, content, or
availability. This includes, without limitation, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and
uninterrupted or error-free service.

You agree to use appropriate caution and sound judgment when accessing
any content or services through the Platform.

**15. Limitation of Liability**

To the fullest extent permitted by law, AgentCore shall not be liable
for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, exemplary, or
punitive damages--- including, but not limited to, loss of profits,
revenue, data, or business opportunities---arising out of or related to
your use of the Platform, even if we have been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

**16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction**

These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the
laws of India, without regard to its conflict of law principles. Any
disputes arising out of or in connection with the Platform shall be
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Noida,
Uttar Pradesh.

**21.Contact Us**

For any questions, concerns, or complaints related to the Platform, or
to request additional information regarding its use, please contact us
at:

<support-agentcore@coreops.ai>
